English presentation :



I/Presentation

	The audio of BreakingNew.com is about the commemoration in which  participated Barack Obama  and the prime minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, for the victims of the attack of Pearl Harbor in 2016. This attack was decisive because it led to the USA joining the WW2. It is said in the audio that Mr. Abe did not explicitly apologize but did offer his condolences to the victims of the attack. He insists on the fact that we should remember the horrors of the past to not repeat them again in the future. It is said that 353 Japanese aircrafts were mobilized the day of the Japanese offensive and they killed 2,503 people and destroyed 19 US warships. Shinzo Abe is the first Japanese leader to visit the USS Arizona memorial (it is a memorial on a destroyed American warship). Mr. Abe also said that the USA helped a lot Japaneses after the end of the war sending them food and clothes. He finished his speech saying that the friendship between the USA and the Japan was something very hopeful for the future.

II/Vocabulary words

everlasting(adjective) = lasting for eternity or for a long time.
acknowledge(verb) = to accept , to recognize something...
tribute(noun) = a gift or a testimonial given as due or in acknowledgment of something.
vow (noun)= a solemn promise.
 
III/ Opinions

Enzo:
I think that the fact that the Japan recognizes the horrors they did during WW2 is very important and so that it is a very good thing that they pay tribute to the victims the attack of Pearl Harbor. In general I think that every countries which did horrors in an other country should pay tribute to the victims and apologize for what they did. The fact that a country do not recognize a massacre in an other country can create political issues between these two countries. For example Japan do not recognize the massacre of Nankin that they also did during WW2 and that something that makes political issues between Japan and China.


IV/ Questions

What do you think about the prime minister acknnowledging the Pearl Harbor attack only now ?

What do you think of Obama saying that every leaders make difficult decisions espetially during car time ?

Do you think we should continue to apologize for what previous governments did in the past even if most of us were not borned at the time the horrors were made ?






